The Joe Rogan experience. Look, you get out in that world, Joe,
you you're famous everywhere. You've never been to these places,
but when you get there, they're going to know you.
Or there's a thing that happened to me years ago in London,
where I was in a restaurant and I was kind of waiting for the table.
And when the lady she asked me my name, she said, what's your name to go, David.
She goes with David on the list. What's your last name? Go Chapelle.
And she looks up and I look around and everyone was kind of looking.
I could tell they'd heard of me,
but they didn't know that I was that kind of thing. This was,
this was after I quit the show, but not long after like, oh 5 0 6.
What did you do for those 10 years?
I was on a lot of. I learned a lot. I mean, but it was,
it was a humble existence. I, you know, I,
I had had young children and uh, I was raising my kids.
I was living in a suburban life. Uh,
and then every once in a while I get this feeling like I'm the funniest guy.
I gotta get out there. And I was like, fly to Denver, do a week in Denver.
Wasn't it. And that's when he would read,
I was doing like these six hours shows I perform, I got desperate for it. I,
I loved it. And, uh,
at one point I had done one of these big comedy tours that live nation put
together that oddball tour. And I did all right, man. I had a good run.
I wiped out in Hartford and that was all over the internet.
That was the first time that thing had happened to me. Uh,
but for the most part, the tour went good, but it was a tough tour for me.
Cause it was a long show. I had to close it. You know,
my child was weren't as tight as they normally were, but I wouldn't,
I didn't suck by any means, but you know, it could have been babbling.
It was humbling, but it made me want to go back.
And, and the shows were like, every show was like 20,000 seats. They were like,
all these, what year was this around. I can't remember.
Bama was president, maybe, I don't know, 8, 9, 10. They.
Were famous for just showing up places you would just fly.
Into. As the one I staffed when I started on,
I used to in the summer I started riding motorcycles,
which is like very uncharacteristically, but I loved it.
And I wrote as I'm gonna ride my bike across country. And I did,
I cheated at a tour bus with me. It was trailers.
So if it rained or something or if I just want to bail, I could,
but I rode across country and I'd never seen America like that.
And we talk about how big it is and expansive. And man,
I saw all the little pockets on a bike. You know,
you really feel the environment, see things. Um,
and I would I'd stop and play. One of my favorite birthdays was here in Austin.
I was, I'd never been to Austin really. And I pulled up on sixth street.
I've been to Austin, but, and it was seen, Austin pulled up on sixth street.
It was my birthday.
I was riding with the guys like we wouldn't do for your birthday. And you know,
at that time we wouldn't drink and smoke and everything. I said,
I want to just stand up. And I found a bar. It was,
it was right around closing. And I saw the DJ packing up and I said,
can I use your microphone? And he recognized me. So he's like, oh yeah, yeah.
And I went up there and I just started talking. And you know what?
It was just like, you know, teasing the bar staff as they're cleaning up,
talking to patrons and then I'll get home fast buddy and all that.
And people laugh and they can't. It was like, dude,
I used to do street comedy in New York and kind of remind me of that.
Like building a crowd. And then the wild people stopped and listened.
Now I'm not a tech savvy dude, Twitter, it come out.
And I guess people had started tweeting like, yo, this just crazy.
Dave Chappelle just in here ran bam. I took like an hour.
That place was packed and I must've stayed on stage three or four hours.
Wow. And you know, they, they closed the door,
they locked the door cause it was after hours and I was in there killing it.
It was best birthday ever at one of the best birthday live at sometime
around when I turned 40.
I just decided that I'm going to have fun. You know, like right now, you know,
this is a weird thing to talk about. But after DMX passed and black Robin,
you know, now far more often people from my peer group pass away
and it just makes me feel like it's not a midlife crisis.
It's almost the opposite of that. It's like, look,
I know I don't get to stay here forever.
My time is limited and precious and I don't take any of these things for
granted. Don't take this money for granted this platform.
And I'm not talking about the fame platform. I'm talking about comedy.
This John was like, I made it. This genre
it's been so good for me.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.